Component name : agrid-boolean
   Contains meat of the implementation of cut-cell generation and export to openfoam.

   Files
   -----
	index.hpp
	   Implements iCELL_INDEX which represents 3-integer tuple of a grid cell in the 
	   rectilinear grid. Also contains definition of maps to store color of cells
	   in a grid.

	rectilinear_grid.hpp,cpp
	   Abstraction of 3D box grid indexed by integer 3-tuples. Supports functionality
	   to mark colors of individual cells. Initial advancing front in cut-cell generation
	   is implemented in this class. Each cSURFACE_MESH::cMANIFOLD gets it's own rectilinear
	   grid.

	manifold_record.hpp,cpp
	   Place holder of information related to a manifold being processed.
	   
        cut_cells_generator.hpp,cpp
	   This class is where all the action is. Important methods of the class are
	   
	   Register()
	      -- Clips the mesh by grid planes and registers manifolds of individual meshes.

	   Generate()
	      -- Advancing front walk is performed for all manifolds.
	      -- Cut-cells are generated for each manifold in gray-cells.
	      -- Booleans will be part of this function.

	   BuildGrid()
	      -- Builds entire volumetric grid, by stitching cut-cells and white-cells
		 using cCUT_CELLS_ADHESIVE class.
	
	cut_cells_generator.hpp,cpp
	      -- cut-cells generation for individual gray cells is implemented in this
		 file. More detailed description can be found in cut_cell_algorithm.txt
		 
	cut_cells_adhesive.hpp,cpp
	      -- Populates a volumetric grid which holds all the cut-cells for the case.
	      -- Steps involved in gluing a cut-cell into volumetric grid are.
		 1. For each cut-cell vertex, find the corresponding grid-vertex. If
		    required a new grid vertex is created for the cut-cell vertex.

		 2. For each cut-cell face, find the corresponding grid-face. If
		    required a new grid face is created for the cut-cell face.

		 3. A grid-cell is created for the cut-cell and grid-faces are recorded
		    in the grid-cell and each grid-face records the grid-cell created.


	foam_export.hpp,cpp
	       -- Exports a volumetric grid into openfoam format.

